0  This is my file for	testing
1	It is the 17th year that the gallery has invited an artist to dress their Christmas tree. Artists who have decorated the Tate tree in previous years include Tracey Emin in 2002
2 Later at a gala dinner, Danish supermodel Helena Christensen was named a Hans Christian Andersen.
003	He is working with Steve Brown, who wrote the award-winning musical Spend Spend Spend
4 Bennett play takes theatre prizes  The History Boys by Alan Bennett.
005	The book has already won the Orange Prize for fiction
006	Geraldine McCaughrean is the final contender, having won the children's fiction category for the third time for Not the End of the World. McCaughrean, who went into magazine publishing after studying teaching, previously won the category in 1987 with A Little Lower than Angels and in 1994 with Gold Dust.
007	Despite enjoying Dan Brown's conspiracy theory, the Bishop said there was a lack of evidence to back up its claims.
8 The book, which has become an international best-seller in little over two years, is set to be made into a film starring Tom Hanks
9	Uganda bans Vagina Monologues  Uganda's authorities have banned the play The Vagina Monologues, due to open in the capital, Kampala this weekend.  The Ugandan Media Council said the performance would not be put on as it promoted and glorified acts such as lesbianism and homosexuality.
010 "There is obviously some fear of the vagina and saying the word vagina," Ms Ensler told the BBC.
11	It's hard to think of anybody not enjoying it," wrote the judges. The first novel section was won by Susan Fletcher for Eve Green, beating the favourite Jonathan Strange and Mr Norrell by Susanna Clarke.
12	She has previously been the winner of the Blue Peter Book of the Year. 
13	Adventure tale tops awards  Young book fans have voted Fergus Crane, a story about a boy who is taken on an adventure by a flying horse, the winner of two Smarties Book Prizes.  Paul Stewart and Chris Riddell's book came top in the category for six- to eight-year-olds and won the award chosen by after-school club members. Sally Grindley's Spilled Water, about a Chinese girl sold as a servant, was top in vote of readers aged nine to 11. Biscuit Bear by Mini Grey took the top award in the under-five category. Winners were voted for by about 6,000 children from a shortlist picked by an adult panel.
014	"It is profoundly cultured and beautifully written in the very best tradition of popular science writing today," said judge Claire Armistead. The award recognises and rewards new writing across fiction and non-fiction. A panel of literary experts, including novelists Hari Kunzru and Ali Smith, director Sir Richard Eyre and comedian Alexei Sayle chose the winner from a five-strong shortlist.
015	Previous winners include White Teeth by Zadie Smith, in 2000, which went on to become a bestseller.
016 He served as a pilot with the Royal Air Force during World War II, flying fighter planes to the Middle East. It was an occupation that was later to feature in his authorial debut, the television screenplay Flight into Danger. Hailey emigrated to Canada in 1947, where he eventually became a citizen.
017	"I fell to daydreaming. I visualised the pilots at the controls and wondered what would happen if they both got sick. Could I fly the airplane? I was a rusty wartime pilot who hadn't flown for nine years... " Hailey later recalled.
018	The Final Diagnosis and In High Places followed, both achieving a popular following. But it was not until Hotel, in 1965, that Hollywood came calling. The hit novel took four years to write, and stayed on national best-seller lists for a full year. It was turned into a movie in 1967 and later adapted into a glossy soap in the 1980s, starring James Brolin.
019 In a testament to the popularity of the fledgling disaster genre - three sequels followed.
020	Obituary: Dame Alicia Markova  Dame Alicia Markova, who has died in Bath aged 94, was the UK's first prima ballerina of the modern age, and, in her heyday, the greatest in the western world.
021	From here, she toured Europe, playing in all the top venues. It was Diaghilev who changed her name without even consulting her. Her life was one of great excitement. People such as Matisse and Stravinsky became like uncles to her, the latter put in charge of her musical education. Soon after Diaghilev's death in 1929, Alicia Markova returned to England and became Britain's first international ballerina.
022	She helped launch the Ballet Club at the Mercury Theatre (later the Ballet Rambert), the Vic Wells Ballet, and then, with Anton Dolin, the Markova-Dolin Ballet of 1935-37. She also began working with young choreographers such as Anthony Tudor and Frederick Ashton who became huge influences on the direction of ballet in the west.
023	Her version of Giselle, all lightness and grace, is still considered to be among the finest ever. She was also outstanding in The Dying Swan. She was one of the first British ballerinas to take a major part in Les Sylphides. She, above all, helped popularise ballet both in Britain and in America.  Alicia Markova spent World War II in the United States where, in a re-formed Ballets Russes, she played to huge audiences. She even appeared in Hollywood movies. In 1950, back in England, she and Anton Dolin jointly established the Festival Ballet. She retired in 1963, an "instant decision" she said, "largely because of a leg injury". Created a Dame, she made a new career for herself as a teacher.
024	She also travelled the world directing ballet companies and putting on shows. She became director of ballet for the Metropolitan Opera Ballet in New York, and for some years was full-time Professor of Ballet and Performing Arts in the University of Cincinnati.
025	Fears raised over ballet future  Fewer children in the UK are following in the dainty footsteps of dancers like Darcey Bussell, and carving out potential careers as ballet dancers.  New research from the Royal Academy of Dance (RAD) has found fewer children over the age of 10 are attending ballet classes and taking exams in the discipline. The organisation blames the growing popularity of computer games and other changes in lifestyle.
026	And there are fears that if the trend is not reversed, there could be fewer British ballet stars in the future. The RAD found that the number of youngsters taking their ballet exams drops by almost 70% after the age of 10 or 11. Dance teacher Eve Trew, who has taught ballet for over 48 years, told BBC News she had seen a "vast" change over the years.
027	She blamed modern lifestyles for the fall in ballet attendance. "I think the children of many years ago did not have as many hobbies," she said. "The trouble now is that they are wide open to computers, Gameboys and everything else children have got. "As a result, there is less time being spent on ballet lessons."  Hazel Gilbert, 23, an information manager from Newcastle, gave up ballet at the age of 10 and is typical of the problem.
028	"It's not a very cool thing to do when you go to 'big' school and I think you have to be very focused on ballet to want to carry on doing it," she said. "I used to love it, but after a certain age it becomes much more disciplined and I didn't want that.
029	"I started getting into other things, like swimming and kickboxing, and ballet just wasn't something I wanted to do any more." Ms Trew, who runs a dance school in Gateshead, admitted it would be "very difficult" to reverse the trend and said many young ballet dancers were no longer willing to make the sacrifices to succeed.
030	"You have to be very dedicated and you have to be very disciplined.
